Self-Hosted Cloud Credentials (#4921)
spectrocloud/librarium: _partials/self-hosted/_cloud-provider-config.mdx

---
partial_category: self-hosted
partial_name: cloud-provider-config
---

When using public cloud providers, {props.edition} automatically downloads the required infrastructure provider images from our public registries to set up a workload cluster. 

> For example, if you are wanting to deploy an AWS cluster, {props.edition} downloads the required Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that contains the desired Operation System (OS) and Kubernetes binaries specified in the cluster profile. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to deploy an AWS cluster, {props.edition} downloads the required Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that contains the desired Operation System (OS) and Kubernetes binaries specified in the cluster profile. 
```

> The exception to this is when you are using a custom image, in which case you must provide the image yourself through  the Bring Your Own OS (BYOOS) <VersionedLink text="workflow" url="/byoos/image-builder/"  />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exception to this is when you are using a custom image, in which case you must provide the image yourself through the Bring Your Own OS (BYOOS) <VersionedLink text="workflow" url="/byoos/image-builder/"  />.
```

In the event you need to enable new cloud providers, or rotate the credentials used to access our infrastructure provider images, you can do so through the [System API](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/api/v1/system/).
Use the following steps to modify the cloud provider configuration for your self-hosted {props.edition} instance.

## Prerequisites

- System administrator permissions, either a Root Administrator or Operations Administrator. Refer to the 
  <PaletteVertexUrlMapper
     edition={props.edition}
     text="System Administrators"
     url="/system-management/account-management"
   /> page to learn more about system administrator roles.

> - You need Spectro Cloud cloud credentials to download the required infrastructure provider images. Reach out to our support team at [support@spectrocloud.com](mailto:support@spectrocloud.com) to obtain these credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need cloud credentials from us to download the required infrastructure provider images. Reach out to our support team at [support@spectrocloud.com](mailto:support@spectrocloud.com) to obtain these credentials.
```

Cloud cloud sounded a little awkward to me
